
# What's the Solution?
Rather than investing substantial sums into the services of dedicated companies with expertise in both accounting and cryptocurrencies, and always relying on their services (while having to trust a third party with sensitive data), which also consumes a considerable amount of time, there is another option:

The solution can be found in Wag3s.io, the innovative, all-encompassing accounting platform.

## About Us
At Wag3s, we are paving the way for the future of startups and retail businesses in the Web3 era. Our innovative platform seamlessly integrates blockchain technology to offer a range of powerful features designed to empower your business. Whether you're a startup entrepreneur or a retail business owner, Wag3s has got you covered.
We offer a wide range of services primarily dedicated to administrative operations. All within a highly efficient and user-friendly platform!

>image logo

3 Main Modules:

#### Wagesfolio: 
This module caters to a broader audience as it leads to more specific utilities, finally allowing everyone in the world of crypto to have a genuine portfolio manager! The upcoming complementary features will simplify the lives of millions of individuals. It's a tool to manage everything securely, wherever you are.
#### Wagesledger: 
A real relief for all crypto startups! This module will be accompanied by a series of feature deployments to ensure compatibility is understandable and accessible with just a few clicks.
#### WagesHR: 
Even web2 tools can be overly complex, so trying to replicate them for web3 is not the solution. At Wag3s, we believe it's the traditional world that should take cues from the decentralized world. Fast, simple, efficient, and super secure. You might be wondering when the recruitment module will be available on the platform? (We're thinking about it too...)

We're also in the process of developing essential modules that will be added to our comprehensive services. Check out our roadmap. Some of these will only be revealed when the time is right because they are unique modules and ideas.
